docs(felt-preview): adding version compatibility to usage (#3092)
RedHat-UX/red-hat-design-system: docs/theming/themes/project-felt/usage.md

## Developer usage

> The Project Felt preview theme CSS is compatible with [Red Hat Design System version 4.2.0](https://deploy-preview-2985--red-hat-design-system.netlify.app/release-notes/#version-4.2) and above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Project Felt preview theme CSS is compatible with [Red Hat Design System version 4.2.0](https://ux.redhat.com/release-notes/#version-4.2) and above.
```
